welcome to kitchen kid Winton primary
school edition have you ever wanted to
make the ultimate cheese and tomato
sandwich the tightest hours elesia
tastebuds tantalized your mouth your
eyes fixated here's your chance if you
follow these instructions carefully and
ingredients you will need are mature
cheddar cheese a loaf of rye bread
Church matters on the vine and juicy
lettuce leaves did you know that
libraries full of carbohydrates and is a
great source of energy yeah did you know
that tomatoes also provide you with lots
of vitamins and minerals and they are
essential for keeping you healthy grab a
loaf of rye bread and cut into four
chunky slices next great with cheese but
be careful otherwise you'll grate your
fingers or nails and scatter the cheese
onto the bread
toast slightly until your cheese melts
in your outdoor
[Music]
add freshly washed lettuce leaves with
chopped tomatoes on top chop your
mothers and bite-size pieces
[Music]
why is there a snake sprinkle with
bustle finally put the breads on top to
make the sandwich give it a good push
down to combine all the favors now take
your pieces have an N place it on a
plate and enjoy with a beverage of your
choice
[Music]
mmm what a scrumptious dish thank you
for watching kitchen kid where to
private school edition dancers
[Music]
[Applause]
you